Y
you are ready
you brought some gloves to scrub
let's look like some newbies is this not
could clipped shotgun ok we're going to
kill all uncle
At night they abused the mistreatment
hands everything and nothing will happen just
pasta
so what do we do we will start with
back tomorrow do not go with him no
they want you to reach the limit what is
they just want me to talk to him
I talked to him
a couple of pushes is very strong not
they want mother
to take a truth we have found
the culprits one of them left the
tongue saying I had jumped a
timba how can they be so asshole
those guys do not know how to close goes with each one
understands like a bonfire whore
you're going to do it, you just need mickey
the new york so you want that
make a double I can stand it well I do not know if
you need the uncles it's a job to
two
come to every day
but if I do not know you very few
know
to
you are not in a situation
privileged you have options I do not know if
I can do it, you made a mistake and
you have to try
you have killed someone cry supplications
they call their mothers
I like to kill him gently the distance
he has come here to do something remember
I do not receive shit orders like you
jump the car I have not done anything
and you know what you have to do
and this business is based on relationships
hold me
I relate to people and I make them
favors from time to time